# Astronomy Notebooks For All - September 13, 2022 notes

## Agenda

- General project updates
    - Figuring out development time and delgation. There are a few options available to keep us making fixes. User testing can proceed either way.
- Event planning update?
    - Scheduling a venue is still on the to-do list! No updates.
- User testing updates
    - First round of usability tests are done! Pulled out takeaways and Jenn and Isabela split [writing them up on the repo](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22test+1%3A+navigation%22). The write ups are a work in progress.
    - We have interest from another possible tester! Do we want to run the same test with a new person, or save them to the next round?
        - Save for next round
    - Aim to run a test in November? This is tight (would need to be first two weeks of November).
        - Prepping the new notebook is not a problem in this timeline with the current nbconvert and GitHub pages infrastructure.
        - Getting to the JupyterBook setup should be a priority, but there is still a lot of moving parts. It doesn’t sound stable enough for this end-of-year testing timeline.
    - Coming soon: test 1 resources that can be public!
- Repo/infrastructure updates
- Next steps are working on issues surfaced by the testing.
- Fix CI work
- Maybe run an importance–difficulty matrix workshop to help us prioritize where to start
    - Where can we intervene?
    - Which require design before development?
    - Which issues are upstream?
    - Which prevented participants from completing tasks versus which did not?
    - Highest impact vs difficulty
    - High level output that we share with a wider group
