# Astronomy Notebooks For All - August 16, 2022 notes

## Agenda

- User testing update
    - Tests are scheduled to start next week. We’ve done a test run, and Jenn has paperwork amazingly sorted.
    - Updates on final tester outreach?
        - Some response from people not using assistive tech. Does that fit our needs, or are we currently focused on notebook interactions with assistive tech specifically? We may want to update the outreach template in the future if we end up having this more specific criteria.
    - Jenn and Isabela will be running them. Do we need other support in the virtual room?
        - Have someone on call! Not in the room, but there if we need it. Patrick is okay being on call.
        - Future could be cool to try live coding or A-B testing
    - Are there any questions or comments you all still have pre-test?
        - Nope.
    - Post-tests, Jenn and Isabela will be turning findings into issues for further discussion. You can find [an example of the test-based issue](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/issues/5) on the repo now.
- Repo updates 
    - Most updates have been on hold!
    - Need to address [failing repo tests](https://github.com/iota-school/notebooks-for-all/issues/4)
    - Erik’s reorganization goals are on hold
- Event planning need: reserve space at the institute
    - Comparing locations for event types. Is this a presentation, a hackathon, that sort of thing.
    - Jenn to reach out to AV people about microphones
    - Nail down dates for an event where there will be presentations (need to leave time for scheduling people)
