# Astronomy Notebooks For All - October 11, 2022 notes

## Agenda

- License for repo! 
    - Software: BSD3 or Apache
    - Content: CC-BY
    - How do we reflect this in our repo that has mixed content?
        - Pick one of the two and just apply it to all (ie. count user research as software)
        - Create a license file with both licenses in them and clarifying what applies to what
        - Keeping all user research in its own directory and having the relevant license there. Then have a license for the rest of the repo.
- Event planning updates
    - Chose venue
    -   Dates: 
         - March 10th: Accessibility Hackathon (remote)
              - Remote or hybrid? Concern that hybrid is 1.5–1.8 times the work and we don’t have a team for that.
         - April 13th: Day of Accessibility (in-person)
- User testing updates
    - Planning for second round of tests. We need a notebook to write the script.
    - [Work in progress PR for test 1: navigation results](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/pull/26) to be public
- Development updates
    - Setting up and understanding the infrastructure- Patrick and Tony meeting about doit
    - Making changes in a code-formatting style—adding landmarks and replacing nonspecific tags (like divs) with more specific ones. “nbconvert exporter” via beautiful soup
        - This is an experiment to try what is or isn’t working and not intended as the long term solution.
        - Potential as a toggle versus tests, ie. A B testing
        - Reconvene on this testing approach in early November to see if we can integrate it
- Erik at NumFocus summit - accessibility conversation came up and he pointed them to this repo
    - Keep our radars open to other chances to let people know about this work
- Meeting notes? Are we okay if Isabela merges all notes PRs? Yes!
- Should we [create labels for where the fix needs to end up](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/issues/25)? Yep! Let’s try and we can always follow up.


