# Astronomy Notebooks For All - March 28, 2023 notes

## Latest notebook experiment demo (Tony)

- [Link to experimental notebook](https://iota-school.github.io/notebooks-for-all/branch/table-form/exports/html/Imaging_Sky_Background_Estimation-table-default.html)
- Cells are all in a table. Cells are actually table cells.
- Notebook is a form?
- Skiplink and table of contents?
- [related notebooks-for-all #49 PR](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/pull/49)
- Navigating between cells is possible with arrow keys
- Question: is this testable in our timeline? There is definitely interest.
    - Usability test? Asynchronous? Fifteen minutes and a Likert scale?
    - We will follow up on this possibility post-event. We want to do it,  but we are being cautious of spreading resources.
    - Interest in reusing the navigation tasks we used in other tests to compare experiences.
- Interest in splitting the repo for development and resource work. They move at different paces and seem like they may be destabilizing each other as a result.

## Other updates

- Patrick is giving a talk! (Isabela doesn’t have a link)
- Isabela is putting document writing and polishing what’s there at a priority before the event.

## Events
- Day of Accessibility is coming up!
- Going through our collaborative event task agenda.
- Assign things to people where relevant so they can prepare. But we will also be on call.
- Looking for additional volunteers, especially for the registration and meal times.
- Travel is coordinated.
- Promotion is still something we can do!

## High-level end-of-grant timeline and goals

- Finishing test 2 write up
- Iterating on the recommendations document
- What can we upstream and where? We spent some time discussing the [notebook style guide](https://github.com/spacetelescope/style-guides/blob/master/guides/jupyter-notebooks.md) as a long term place for some recommendations.
